Alright man, I'm outta here, I'll catch you later!
[Evan grunts]
[chemistry lab chatter]
Is this taken?
Where are my manners?
I'm Martin.
I'm Bertha.
Damn. Those notes are so neat!
Neat? I have more flowers in this thing than actual notes.
I mean, your drawings are better than my chicken scratch.
[Bertha laughs]
So... what's your major?
Nuclear engineering, and you?
Nice! I didn't know we had that program.
I'm pre-health.
No shit! I almost
came in on that.
What made you change your mind?
Well, the thought of having to apply to another school...
You know, once is good
enough for me.
Yeah, don't even remind me.
I'm trying not to think about that for another couple years.
Alright class, how's everyone doing this beautiful morning, huh?
Huh?
[Georgia Tech steam whistle]
Alright, alright,
glad to hear it,
but just settle down now.
Anyways, I'm Ben, and I'll be your lab assistant for the semester.
Few things about myself, I'm a third-year ChemE,
don't mean to brag...
And this is my first semester working as an L.A.
So, I'm here to help anyone and everyone with, you know,
experiments and such, but
most importantly,
I'm here to make sure that no one leaves with less body parts than they came in with.
Alright!
So... let's review that syllabus and get started!
[Martin] So, do you see something in that fourth one?
What do you see?
[Bertha] Uh, there's like a few lumps at the bottom of it.
So what do you want to
call that color?
It's like a cloudy
whiteish color.
Well, that eliminates these...
Want to call it...
silver nitrate?
Yeah!
[stammering]
Yeah, sure, that makes sense.
Nice.
Alright! What's next?
All we have to do now is draw a few Bohr models for the precipitates.
Cool. Let's get that
done quickly.
Hey, can I borrow your
periodic table?
[Bertha] Yeah.
[Martin] I can't find
mine anywhere.
Yeah. I'll put it right here,
and do consider organizing
that bird nest.
[Martin laughs awkwardly]
[foreboding sound effect]
[Bertha] Alright...
Bye!
See ya.
[Mysterious music]
[Bertha] Okay, that's one...
this one's absorbance is 1.176.
[Martin] Great, so we can finally get out of here.
[Bertha] Yeah!
Tell me about it. I am running late for office hours.
What class?
Calc 2, with Dr. Daniel.
Lucky.
I got stuck with Dr. Kim.
Do you know anything about integration by parts?
Nope, but I hopefully
will by the exam.
I mean, it also
doesn't help that
we have to spend so much time
on these lab reports.
I...
I literally spent three
hours on the last one.
Who is their right mind wants
an essay for each lab?
I know, I know, right?
And the audacity for them to dock five points for sig figs!
[Bertha] Okay, umm...
Hey, if you're not doing anything later,
do you want to work on our report together?
Yeah! Yeah, sure!
What time were you thinking?
Does 7 work for you?
[stammering] Yeah! Yeah, 7!
Nice! Yeah, cool. Sounds good.
[stammering]
Did you just want to
meet at my dorm?
Dorm, to... study?
[Bertha] Yeah. Yeah.
That sounds good.
I do have to get going though, but I will see you at 7.
[Martin] Cool.
[Bertha] Alright.
See ya.
And then I said,
"Fire a yolk? I thought you
said 'fire a yoke!'"
Anyways, the horse is dead.
[Bertha] Okay...
Uh, it's 9.
Right, we should probably...
Hey, does this look
weird to you?
[Bertha] Is this another one of your genius solutions to nuclear fusion?
No, no, no.
Are you sure this doesn't look... weird to you?
It looks like a normal
periodic table.
Same as mine.
So there's nothing
wrong about this?
I think we could do without the giant gap in the middle.
You're right! You're right.
[banging on keyboard]
That thing still giving
you problems?
Yeah, this thing's about as useful as a single-stage distillation column,
but Dr. Lombard still expects me to take attendance on it.
Oh! Speaking of that, Bertha was at a tennis match today.
Yeah, she told me. Just make sure you both have
your reports submitted
by Wednesday.
Thanks a million, man.
Hey, Ben...
I got a quick question for you.
Lay it on me, man.
Does that poster seem
wrong to you?
The periodic table?
[Martin] Yeah.
Does it... does it
seem wrong to you?
What do you mean, exactly?
Like those are all fake, right?
Like, they're not real?
I get they can seem a bit
wonky at first, but...
...dude, that's just the same old periodic table.
Okay, if that's so...
if it's normal...
Please enlighten me.
How are there negative masses?
I got a professor doing some exotic matter research,
probably involved in
something like that...
[Martin] But when were
they even discovered?
[Ben] I can imagine in the
last 100 years or so.
Why are there more elements than there were last week?
There have always been 224.
What the fuck is the
Ignotide series?
I don't fuckin' know, probably some rare earth elements?
[Martin] That's it.
I've lost my mind,
I'm going insane!
Oh my gosh!
I finally huffed enough fumes to send me to the next dimension.
This shit has been happening
for the past week!
Look.
Everything here is real; something we can actually
find, right?
Everything else is a part of some stupid fucking prank
that's been going on
for way too long,
and if this is that, spare me
from this low grade torment
sustained by a fucking piece
of laminated paper!
I don't know what to
tell you, man.
It's just always been this way.
Yeah.
Sure.
Look, I can tell you've
got a lot on your mind.
Why don't you just go
and get some rest?
Yeah. You know, maybe
that's right.
Maybe I just have too much
on my mind right now.
Don't even worry
about the deadline.
I'm sure I can get Dr. Lombard to cut you some slack,
but just go! Get your
mind off things.
Thanks.
[Evan] Hey man, I'm back.
[Martin] Hey man, what's up?
Just been at the
library all day.
Got that psychology test
tomorrow and all.
Oh shit, man, how'd this happen?
I don't know.
Something must have
spilled under my glove
at the lab.
Yeah, I don't know.
Damn, so much for that safety
gear they give everyone.
Keep that wrapped up well, man.
[Martin vomiting]
[Evan] Come on, let's get
you cleaned up, man.
[Students coughing]
[Bertha] Hey.
[Martin] Hey.
Sorry I'm late.
It's all good.
You didn't miss much, anyways.
Where's Ben?
Apparently he called off sick.
He's filling in.
[Martin] Gotcha.
You don't look too
well yourself.
I'm just tired is all.
I didn't get that much
sleep last night, and
I was feeling fine until now.
Hey, well, let's get this done
fast so we can get out of here.
[Bertha coughing]
[Martin] Hey, hey, hey.
Sit down. You got this, okay?
Take a breath.
[Bertha] Okay.
[Other students coughing]
[Students coughing]
[Martin] Let's get you
out of here.
[Bertha] We barely
finished part 2--
[Martin] No, fuck the experiment. Let's go.
[Bertha] Okay.
[Bertha continues coughing]
[Martin] It's okay.
Let's get you against
this wall, okay?
Are you okay?
Alright... just stay here.
Help her out.
[High-pitched tone
increasing in volume]
Hell--
Fuck!
Oh my god.
[Geiger counter clicks]
[Continued Geiger
counter clicks]
Status report, Dr. Lafayette?
Analysis teams are still reporting radiation levels
over 1,500 millisieverts
surrounding the anomaly's original location.
It seems to have stabilized.
[Lafayette] Luckily, this seems to be only focused on the
upper floors of the building.
[Suit] Wonderful.
No nuclear disaster to
forge a cover-up for.
What's the status
on the anomaly?
It's secure, and
poses no threat.
We've collected every single one of the converted tables as well.
[Suit] That's good to hear.
Administration wants this cataloged by
the end of the week.
Any word on the state
of the victims?
Chelation therapy and iodine treatment have stabilized
most of the victims.
Although their prognoses are still uncertain.
How come the victims are
being given medicine for
heavy metal poisoning?
I was under the understanding that this anomaly was radioactive in nature.
That's just our concern, sir.
We've been picking up high levels of elemental particulates
and a torrent of other
exotic findings.
[Suit] The anomalous elements?
Yes, sir.
We've been picking up samples of elements the Foundation does not
have in its periodic catalog,
even in the extended version.
Most of the elements have decompressed entirely,
others are more stubborn, with never-before-seen properties.
[Suit] God have mercy.
Be sure to let the administration know.
I'm sure they don't want another CK Event on their hands.
Have the victims relocated to the ward on Site 14.
I'll have Dr. Clark
assigned to them.
I want this place
scrubbed clean.
Not a trace of anything
left behind.
Ethics Committee has approved deploying amnestics.
They'll be in the water supply tomorrow morning.
You've done a good job,
Dr. Lafayette.
I'll be sure to let the administration know.
Thank you, sir.
Captioning by Ethan Ollins